I'd kind of like to work on these seams for the gloves.
I don't know why but I've been thinking about this.
I just I'm not sure if this is going to work and I'm interested in trying it.
So let's go ahead and do this.
I'm going to go over to the mask tool and hit the F key and reduce the radius.
The strength is that one or 100 percent so I'm going to keep it there.
And what I want to do is kind of draw the seam all the way around right down here around the back.
I'm not really sure if it's going to work.
That's kind of why I've been thinking about it and want to try it.
So let's try this.
I'm going to begin here in just draw this area here.
And I think I'm going to come down here to the thumb Let's try that.
I just want to come right down here to the thumb like that and I want to get this right along here like
this.
As I said I am not sure that this is going to work at all.
This is not doing real well.
My hands are not staying real smooth here so let's try and stroke this smooth stroke here.
This maybe would be a little bit better to use.
And what that will do is it will kind of leave the brush behind and it'll follow along with this line.
Here you see how it's giving me a little bit of time before it draws
and we go a little bit better.
And you can of course adjust the line and how long that line is.
But this looks pretty good.
All right now I'm going to go ahead and test this before I draw it over the entire glove because what
I'll also want to do is come over here and come down here as well.
So I'm going to test this just to see if I'm even on the right track or if it's just dumb.
So what I'm going to do is press control.
And then I'll come back up here to my sculped draw and I'll increase the strength just a little bit
with the F key or the size I should say.
I'm going to keep the strength pretty low and let's give this a try.
So I'm just going to fairly go on this and try this kind of pull this out just a little bit and then
I also want to flatten it a bit.
Let me try this.
I'll hit the Flaten try and flatten it.
So it isn't bulging out
something like that now and it hit him to clear.
And I was kind of hoping for a little more there.
Let me undo this and try and go a little bit harder on it.
See what happens.
If I give it a little bit more is that going to be too much.
There old M.
Actually that is getting close to what I was after.
Yeah that's interesting.
All right then let me go with Chris tool here come in here.
And just try and tighten up that seem just a little bit in the middle there.
That's actually kind of what I was thinking.
Well that's weird.
All right let's keep going then and try and take that on around to the other side over here.
All right so I'm going to go back to the mask tool and give this a try.
Keep on keep on going.
Take that down to about like that.
And I think I will turn on that smooth stroke here.
Try this.
Let's try and bring this on down to the pinky.
I'll try another one from here to bring it down right next to it.
Now let's try and draw the seam underneath
and there we go.
All right.
I'm just going to try and clean up some of this here.
Add to this a bit.
Now another question is is do I want these to go around the fingers as well.
I think maybe I do.
So I'll try that.
I'll turn on the smooth stroke again and I'll try and get this right around the fingers here.
In addition I think I'll do a seam right down here.
Try this.
Don't know if I need it.
Go ahead and do one here and then I want to connect those around the thumb as well so I'll turn my smooth
stroke back on and start around the thumb.
All right.
Well let's give this a try.
I'm going to go ahead and press control I need to inverse the selection and then I'll come back to my
sculped draw brush increased the size a bit.
I'll leave the strength where it is since I think that's what was working the last time and I'll give
it a try.
All right.
So are we ready to try this.
Let's give it a try Allt him in clear and let's see what we did.
Yeah.
You know what I think I can work with this.
There are some places here that I might want to either smooth out or build up.
But generally speaking this area here is kind of like that and that area there I kind of I kind of like
I'm going to come back to that crease tool and come in here try and tighten that crease up just a little
bit right in here.
I like that.
And do I want to do that in here.
No I think these are pretty tight enough.
In fact I think I can probably smooth those back a little bit.
I'm going to press the smooth and the shift key and smooth that back just a little bit.
I don't need it quite that much.
Bring it back a little bit.
Riego But yeah I think that works pretty well.
I don't like this area right in here.
I'll have to work on that but I'm actually ok with this.
I think with the textures the different colors seem from the main color of the of the gauntlet here
I think.
I think that'll look pretty good.